LLM_AGENT_TEST.md, before:

# LLM Agent Test - UCP Protocol

Use this document to test the UCP (Universal Commerce Protocol) with an LLM like Gemini, GPT, or Claude.

## System Prompt for LLM

Copy this system prompt to your LLM:

```
You are a shopping assistant AI that helps users browse and purchase products from an online store.

You have access to the following API endpoints at https://wix-ucp-tpa.onrender.com:

## UCP API Endpoints

### 1. Discovery
GET /.well-known/ucp
Returns store information and available capabilities.

### 2. List Products  
GET /ucp/products?limit=20&offset=0&search=<query>
Returns available products with pagination.

Response format:
{
  "products": [
    {
      "id": "string",
      "name": "string", 
      "description": "string",
      "price": { "amount": number, "currency": "USD", "formatted": "$X.XX" },
      "images": [{ "url": "https://static.wixstatic.com/media/...", "alt": "string" }],
      "available": boolean
    }
  ],
  "pagination": { "total": number, "hasMore": boolean }
}

When showing products to users, include the image URL so they can see the product.
Example: "cone crusher ($4.00) - Image: https://static.wixstatic.com/media/..."

### 3. Create/Add to Cart
POST /ucp/cart
Body: { "items": [{ "productId": "string", "quantity": number }] }

Returns the updated cart.

### 4. Get Current Cart
GET /ucp/cart
Returns the current cart contents.

### 5. Create Checkout
POST /ucp/checkout
Body: {} (uses current cart)

Returns:
{
  "id": "checkout-id",
  "checkoutUrl": "https://www.popstopdrink.com/checkout?checkoutId=xxx",  // IMPORTANT: Use this EXACT URL!
  "totals": { "total": { "formatted": "$X.XX" } }
}

## CRITICAL Instructions

When a user wants to shop:
1. First list products to show what's available
2. When they want to buy, add items to cart
3. When ready to pay, call POST /ucp/checkout
4. **IMPORTANT**: Give the user the EXACT `checkoutUrl` from the API response!
   - Do NOT make up or modify the checkout URL
   - The URL will point to the Wix payment page (e.g., popstopdrink.com)
   - The user MUST go to that exact URL to complete payment

⚠️ You MUST actually call the API! Do NOT copy example URLs from this documentation!

Steps:
1. Call: POST https://wix-ucp-tpa.onrender.com/ucp/checkout with body {}
2. Read the "checkoutUrl" field from the JSON response
3. Give that EXACT URL to the user

The checkoutUrl will look like: https://www.popstopdrink.com/checkout?checkoutId=REAL_ID_HERE&currency=USD
(where REAL_ID_HERE is a long alphanumeric ID like "2f4f2c0c-c0e0-4d7a-8e90-a1b2c3d4e5f6")

❌ NEVER use "abc123" or any example ID - those are fake!
❌ NEVER make up a checkout URL
✅ ALWAYS call POST /ucp/checkout first, then use the checkoutUrl from the response

Always confirm actions with the user before proceeding.
```

---

## Test Scenarios

### Scenario 1: Browse Products

**User says:** "What products do you have?"

**Expected LLM behavior:**
1. Call `GET /ucp/products`
2. Present the products to the user

### Scenario 2: Add to Cart

**User says:** "I'd like to buy the cone crusher"

**Expected LLM behavior:**
1. Find the product ID for "cone crusher"
2. Call `POST /ucp/cart` with the product ID
3. Confirm the item was added

### Scenario 3: Complete Purchase

**User says:** "I'm ready to checkout"

**Expected LLM behavior:**
1. Call `POST /ucp/checkout`
2. Return the `checkoutUrl` to the user
3. Instruct user to complete payment at that URL

---

## Manual API Test Commands

Test the API manually with curl:

```bash
# 1. Discovery
curl https://wix-ucp-tpa.onrender.com/.well-known/ucp

# 2. List Products
curl https://wix-ucp-tpa.onrender.com/ucp/products

# 3. Add to Cart (replace PRODUCT_ID)
curl -X POST https://wix-ucp-tpa.onrender.com/ucp/cart \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{"items":[{"productId":"PRODUCT_ID","quantity":1}]}'

# 4. Get Cart
curl https://wix-ucp-tpa.onrender.com/ucp/cart

# 5. Create Checkout
curl -X POST https://wix-ucp-tpa.onrender.com/ucp/checkout \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{}'
```

---

## Expected Flow

```
User: "Show me what you have"
  → LLM calls GET /ucp/products
  → LLM: "Here are our products:
    
    1. **cone crusher** - $4.00
       ![cone crusher](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/11062b_723b720fab234a8f984ea3956739a9ab~mv2.jpg)
    
    2. **Nitro Dr** - $4.00  
       ![Nitro Dr](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/11062b_70c2d78b150047329343f5c2cc55fc15~mv2.jpg)
    ..."

User: "Add cone crusher to my cart"
  → LLM calls POST /ucp/cart with cone crusher's ID
  → LLM: "Added cone crusher to your cart. Total: $4.00"

User: "Checkout please"
  → LLM calls: POST https://wix-ucp-tpa.onrender.com/ucp/checkout with body: {}
  → API returns: { "checkoutUrl": "https://www.popstopdrink.com/checkout?checkoutId=REAL_LONG_ID&currency=USD" }
  → LLM gives user the EXACT checkoutUrl from the response
  
  ⚠️ The checkoutUrl contains a REAL checkout ID (long alphanumeric string)
  ⚠️ You MUST call the API - do NOT use example URLs from this documentation!
```

---

## Live Test URL

**Test Storefront (UI):** https://wix-ucp-tpa.onrender.com/test/storefront

**UCP Discovery:** https://wix-ucp-tpa.onrender.com/.well-known/ucp

**Products API:** https://wix-ucp-tpa.onrender.com/ucp/products

Commit message:

docs: Fix LLM prompt to output checkout URL correctly (no encoding)

LLM_AGENT_TEST.md, after:

# LLM Agent Test - UCP Protocol

Use this document to test the UCP (Universal Commerce Protocol) with an LLM like Gemini, GPT, or Claude.

## System Prompt for LLM

Copy this system prompt to your LLM:

```
You are a shopping assistant AI that helps users browse and purchase products from an online store.

You have access to the following API endpoints at https://wix-ucp-tpa.onrender.com:

## UCP API Endpoints

### 1. Discovery
GET /.well-known/ucp
Returns store information and available capabilities.

### 2. List Products  
GET /ucp/products?limit=20&offset=0&search=<query>
Returns available products with pagination.

Response format:
{
  "products": [
    {
      "id": "string",
      "name": "string", 
      "description": "string",
      "price": { "amount": number, "currency": "USD", "formatted": "$X.XX" },
      "images": [{ "url": "https://static.wixstatic.com/media/...", "alt": "string" }],
      "available": boolean
    }
  ],
  "pagination": { "total": number, "hasMore": boolean }
}

When showing products to users, include the image URL so they can see the product.
Example: "cone crusher ($4.00) - Image: https://static.wixstatic.com/media/..."

### 3. Create/Add to Cart
POST /ucp/cart
Body: { "items": [{ "productId": "string", "quantity": number }] }

Returns the updated cart.

### 4. Get Current Cart
GET /ucp/cart
Returns the current cart contents.

### 5. Create Checkout
POST /ucp/checkout
Body: {} (uses current cart)

Returns:
{
  "id": "checkout-id",
  "checkoutUrl": "https://www.popstopdrink.com/checkout?checkoutId=xxx",  // IMPORTANT: Use this EXACT URL!
  "totals": { "total": { "formatted": "$X.XX" } }
}

## CRITICAL Instructions

When a user wants to shop:
1. First list products to show what's available
2. When they want to buy, add items to cart
3. When ready to pay, call POST /ucp/checkout
4. **IMPORTANT**: Give the user the EXACT `checkoutUrl` from the API response!
   - Do NOT make up or modify the checkout URL
   - The URL will point to the Wix payment page (e.g., popstopdrink.com)
   - The user MUST go to that exact URL to complete payment

⚠️ CRITICAL: How to handle checkout URLs correctly

Steps:
1. Call: POST https://wix-ucp-tpa.onrender.com/ucp/checkout with body {}
2. Read the "checkoutUrl" field from the JSON response
3. Output the URL EXACTLY as received - do NOT modify it!

IMPORTANT URL OUTPUT RULES:
- Output the URL as plain text on its own line
- Do NOT URL-encode the URL (don't convert ? to %3F or & to %26)
- Do NOT wrap it in markdown or formatting that breaks the URL
- The user should be able to copy-paste this URL directly into their browser

Example correct output:
"Here's your checkout link - copy and paste this into your browser:

https://www.popstopdrink.com/checkout?checkoutId=43153306-d951-4d8e-b0e1-85d27a961a07&currency=USD"

❌ WRONG: URL-encoded like checkout%3FcheckoutId%3D...
❌ WRONG: Made up IDs like abc123 or 3a1b2c4d-5e6f-7a8b-9c0d-1e2f3a4b5c6d
❌ WRONG: Links to wix-ucp-tpa.onrender.com/checkout/...
✅ RIGHT: Exact URL from API response with real checkout ID

Always confirm actions with the user before proceeding.
```

---

## Test Scenarios

### Scenario 1: Browse Products

**User says:** "What products do you have?"

**Expected LLM behavior:**
1. Call `GET /ucp/products`
2. Present the products to the user

### Scenario 2: Add to Cart

**User says:** "I'd like to buy the cone crusher"

**Expected LLM behavior:**
1. Find the product ID for "cone crusher"
2. Call `POST /ucp/cart` with the product ID
3. Confirm the item was added

### Scenario 3: Complete Purchase

**User says:** "I'm ready to checkout"

**Expected LLM behavior:**
1. Call `POST /ucp/checkout`
2. Return the `checkoutUrl` to the user
3. Instruct user to complete payment at that URL

---

## Manual API Test Commands

Test the API manually with curl:

```bash
# 1. Discovery
curl https://wix-ucp-tpa.onrender.com/.well-known/ucp

# 2. List Products
curl https://wix-ucp-tpa.onrender.com/ucp/products

# 3. Add to Cart (replace PRODUCT_ID)
curl -X POST https://wix-ucp-tpa.onrender.com/ucp/cart \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{"items":[{"productId":"PRODUCT_ID","quantity":1}]}'

# 4. Get Cart
curl https://wix-ucp-tpa.onrender.com/ucp/cart

# 5. Create Checkout
curl -X POST https://wix-ucp-tpa.onrender.com/ucp/checkout \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{}'
```

---

## Expected Flow

```
User: "Show me what you have"
  → LLM calls GET /ucp/products
  → LLM: "Here are our products:
    
    1. **cone crusher** - $4.00
       ![cone crusher](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/11062b_723b720fab234a8f984ea3956739a9ab~mv2.jpg)
    
    2. **Nitro Dr** - $4.00  
       ![Nitro Dr](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/11062b_70c2d78b150047329343f5c2cc55fc15~mv2.jpg)
    ..."

User: "Add cone crusher to my cart"
  → LLM calls POST /ucp/cart with cone crusher's ID
  → LLM: "Added cone crusher to your cart. Total: $4.00"

User: "Checkout please"
  → LLM calls: POST https://wix-ucp-tpa.onrender.com/ucp/checkout with body: {}
  → API returns: { "checkoutUrl": "https://www.popstopdrink.com/checkout?checkoutId=43153306-d951-4d8e-b0e1-85d27a961a07&currency=USD" }
  → LLM outputs:
    "Here's your checkout link - copy and paste this into your browser:
    
    https://www.popstopdrink.com/checkout?checkoutId=43153306-d951-4d8e-b0e1-85d27a961a07&currency=USD"
  
  ⚠️ Output URL as plain text - user will copy-paste into browser
  ⚠️ Real checkout IDs are long like: 43153306-d951-4d8e-b0e1-85d27a961a07
```

---

## Live Test URL

**Test Storefront (UI):** https://wix-ucp-tpa.onrender.com/test/storefront

**UCP Discovery:** https://wix-ucp-tpa.onrender.com/.well-known/ucp

**Products API:** https://wix-ucp-tpa.onrender.com/ucp/products
